Simplify the getting started guide (#608)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/get-started/index.md

# Get started with Flux v2

!!! note "Basic knowlegde"

>     This guide assumes you have the right understanding of some core concepts and introduction to Flux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This guide assumes you have some understanding of the core concepts and read the introduction to Flux.
```

Reviewer: the "right understanding" is probably a bit hard to define...

>     The core concept used in this guide are [GitOps](../core-concepts/index.md#gitops), [Sources](../core-concepts/index.md#sources), [Kustomization](../core-concepts/index.md#kustomization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The core concepts used in this guide are [GitOps](../core-concepts/index.md#gitops), [Sources](../core-concepts/index.md#sources), [Kustomization](../core-concepts/index.md#kustomization).
```

> In this tuturial, you will deploy an application to a kubernetes cluster with Flux and manage the cluster in a complete GitOps manner. You'll be using a dedicated Git repository e.g. fleet-infra to manage the Kubernetes clusters. All the manifest will be pushed to this repository and then applied by Flux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tuturial, you will deploy an application to a kubernetes cluster with Flux and manage the cluster in a complete GitOps manner. You'll be using a dedicated Git repository e.g. `fleet-infra` to manage the Kubernetes clusters. All the manifest will be pushed to this repository and then applied by Flux.
```

> ## 0. Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: Please remove the numbering from titles, we don't use that anywhere.

> In order to follow the guide, you will need one Kubernetes clusters version 1.16 or newer and kubectl version 1.18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to follow the guide, you will need one Kubernetes cluster version 1.16 or newer and kubectl version 1.18.
```

  --branch=<organization default branch> \
  --team=<team1-slug> \
  --team=<team2-slug> \

>   --path=my-cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --path=./clusters/my-cluster
```

    You can target a specific Flux [version](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/releases)
    with `flux bootstrap --version=<semver>`.

## Clone the git repository

We are going to be managing the application with the git repository, so we need to clone it.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_USER/fleet-infra
cd fleet-infra
```

## Configure a git source 

> We will be using a public repository that [https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo](https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo). It is a tiny web application made with Go.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will be using a public repository [github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo](https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo), podinfo is a tiny web application made with Go.
```

Create a GitRepository CRD pointing to the repository's master branch with Flux CLI.

```sh
flux create source git podinfo \
  --url=https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo \
  --branch=master \
  --interval=30s \
  --export > ./clusters/my-cluster/podinfo-source.yaml
```

Commit and push it to the `fleet-infra` repository, then Flux applies it to the cluster.

```sh
git add -A && git commit -m "Adds podinfo git source"
git push
```

> ## Configure a kustomization for the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure a kustomization for the application
```

> We will create a kustomization for the podinfo application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will create a Kustomization manifest for podinfo.
```

```sh
flux create kustomization podinfo \
  --source=podinfo \
  --path="./kustomize" \
  --prune=true \
  --validation=client \
  --interval=5m \
  --export > ./clusters/my-cluster/podinfo-kustomization.yaml
```

> Commit and push the kustomization CRD to the git repository so that Flux applies it to the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Commit and push the Kustomization manifest to the git repository so that Flux applies it to the cluster.
```

```sh
git add -A && git commit -m "Adds podinfo kustomization"
git push
```

The structure of your repository should look like this:
```
fleet-infra
└── clusters/
    └── my-cluster/
        ├── flux-system/                        
        │   ├── gotk-components.yaml/
        │   ├── gotk-sync.yaml/
        │   └── kustomization.yaml/
        ├── podinfo-kustomization.yaml
        └── podinfo-source.yaml
```

## Watch Flux sync the application

In about 30s the synchronization should start:

```console
$ watch flux get kustomizations
NAME            READY   MESSAGE
flux-system     main/fc07af652d3168be329539b30a4c3943a7d12dd8   False           True    Applied revision: main/fc07af652d3168be329539b30a4c3943a7d12dd8
podinfo         master/855f7724be13f6146f61a893851522837ad5b634 False           True    Applied revision: master/855f7724be13f6146f61a893851522837ad5b634
```

> When the synchronization finishes you can check that the webapp services are running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the synchronization finishes you can check that podinfo has been deployed on your cluster:
```

```console
$ kubectl -n default get deployments,services
NAME                      READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/podinfo   2/2     2            2           108s

NAME                 TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)             AGE
service/podinfo      ClusterIP   10.100.149.126   <none>        9898/TCP,9999/TCP   108s
```

!!! tip
    From this moment forward, any changes made to the webapp

>     Kubernetes manifests in the master branch will be synchronised with thes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Kubernetes manifests in the master branch will be synchronised with your cluster.
```
Replace webapp with podinfo.

    You can target a specific Flux [version](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/releases)
    with `flux bootstrap --version=<semver>`.

## Clone the git repository

> We are going to be managing the application in a complete GitOps way with the git repository. The Flux manifests generated by the CLI will be pushed to the git repository. Instead of applying the manifests directly to the cluster, Flux will apply it for us instead :).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are going to be managing the application in a GitOps manner. The Flux manifests generated by the CLI will be pushed to the git repository. Instead of applying the manifests directly to the cluster, Flux will apply it for us instead :).
```

Therefore, we need to clone the repository to our local machine.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_USER/fleet-infra
cd fleet-infra
```

## Add podinfo repository to Flux

We will be using a public repository [github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo](https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo), podinfo is a tiny web application made with Go.

> Create a GitRepository CRD pointing to the repository's master branch with Flux CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a GitRepository manifest pointing to the repository's master branch with Flux CLI.
```

  --export > ./staging-cluster/webapp-source.yaml
```

> ## 3. Configure a kustomization for the applications

Reviewer 2: If we want to simplify this then it should be a single Kustomization that reconciles podinfo in the default namespace. Something like:

```
flux create source git webapp \
  --url=https://github.com/stefanprodan/podinfo \
  --branch=master \
  --interval=30s \
  --export > ./clusters/staging/podinfo.yaml
```

And

```
flux create kustomization webapp-common \
  --source=webapp \
  --path="./kustomize" \
  --prune=true \
  --validation=client \
  --interval=5m
```

Author: I think this is a good idea

Reviewer 2: What about the rest? flux get kustomization and everything else is still showing the old webapp, not to mention the paths are broken, the bootstrap should be for `clusters/staging`, the kustomization is not written to git...

Author: Still updating the docs atm

Author: > The bootstrap should be for cluster/staging

I was going to rename the section to a multi-cluster setup and add both staging and production.
You want me to limit it to just staging?

Reviewer 2: > Still updating the docs atm

Ah ok, you marked this conversation  as resolved, so I got confused.

PS. Bootstrap should be run for `./clusters/staging` so that it uses the same repo structure as the [installation instructions](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/guides/installation/#bootstrap) and the 2 example repos.

If you alter the webapp deployment using `kubectl edit`, the changes will be reverted to match
the state described in git. When dealing with an incident, you can pause the reconciliation of a
kustomization with `flux suspend kustomization <name>`. Once the debugging session
is over, you can re-enable the reconciliation with `flux resume kustomization <name>`.

> ## Production bootstrap 

Reviewer 3: Per our conversation, I would suggest renaming this section Multiple Clusters in Production and keeping it. Then, later, we can do further improvements for this section.

Reviewer 4: Cross-linking https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/issues/611
